TV I love in her death scourge shall
vanquish the city of evil
are there any brave warriors who wish to
join me in my mission Oh Oh pick me pick
me Jake justice my ancient for loving
the dead skirt prepare to me to your
demise dude what is your problem it is
the road jack that was just me sitting
the table for a fool is hang'd about
meal that's it justice powers activate
uh excuse me miss I didn't really think
my powers thing through
pretty princess powers activate
sounded so much cooler in my head you
are a worthy if not somewhat offbeat
warrior thank you by the way is there a
mr. death skirt no yes I've got this oh
here oh I've missed you
loving the dead skirt you complete Lee
must be destroyed
I just kidding I really missed you my
sweet donkey Pony gumdrop seriously
really seriously oh okay that's just not
right
you